The team separated the workloads by doing separate rush projects and by doing so attempt to finish all the bonus at once except for the argc and argv implementation. Rui attempted 3 rush, which is the mandatory part, Rush03, Rush04 and Rush02. Yen attempted Rush00 and Syamil attempted Rush01

Their codes work as intended. Except for Syamil's code who attempted Rush01. It does prints nothing when (0, 1) but it also prints a newline.

Since their code works as intended, I tested their understanding of their implementation. 

Rui has a solid understanding of his implementation. He was able to easily explains what he does on his part. 
I also asked him random questions about pointers and how they work and he was able to explain it accurately. Whe

Syamil was a bit slow. He took his time to look at the code to explain what it does and inept during the evaluation session. He can't seem to grasp complexity of the conversation. I did asked him a few questions regarding the implementation and he couldn't express the logics well. Although his code fail(the rush that he did separately for bonus), he did implemented for an error message to be printed out if the input value is -ve. Something that may not be trivial. Afterall, this person had no prior experience in coding.

Yen was able to explain what his code does and how he does it and his thought process when attempting it. I had to evaluate him separately from the team because he couldn't make it to our scheduled meeting at 4pm on Monday. He understood which mandatory part of the rush that his team has to do from the team leader's first character of username. He was able to figured out that he had to create a "box" when he saw the output examples from the subject pdf. He said, for him, the most tricky part of the project is to print out those characters on the corner. And as he compares it with his peers, he thinks that his peers implementation is complex and could be simpler. By the end of writing his own program, he start to realize that there might be a problem if the input is 0 or 1. So he tested out that particular input and found out that it is indeed a problem and improvised his code for that. For that, I would say that this person has good intuition.

Afterwards, we had a brief conversation about his projects. He explained his approach for a function that returns non zero value if the input value to that function is a printable ascii character. I told him that he could just look up the internet to find the range of those values but he was unsatisfied with those results in the internet. So he compared the manual of isprint and the ascii table to confirm. For this, I would say that he is a natural curious learner and an experimentalist.

Overall, eventhough they did manage to write a function program that display those rectangles(even manage to fonish the bonus too), their way of approach to this project may be improved which is the collaboration part. The fact that Syamil was more inept compared to the rest kind of compromise this aspect and shows that they were not having the best productive discussion among themselves to solve this. The factor could be, mainly because they have different time that they allocate for this Piscine. Syamil for example spend more time in the evening, Rui is commited all day, and Yen is only available from 10 am to 4 pm.
