The team separated the workloads by doing separate rush projects and by doing so attempt to finish all the bonus at once. Since their code work, I tested their understanding of implementation.

The code that is written is compact and simple and the algorithm is such a way where it automatically handle the critical case of -ve, 0 and 1. They attempt the bonus but one of the bonus fail. We discussed a little bit on the argv and argc form of main() and how this allows us to take input from the command line. 

Rui demonstrate a solid understanding of his implementation and his understanding of C. I asked him couple of questions and he can answer very quickly. We touch a little bit on data types and how there is no different between char and int except for the amount of data they can store. Rui single handedly solve the mandatory part on his own, and the other 2 bonus and left the rest for his 2 other teammate to solve.

Yen did one of the bonus and that bonus works well. He can explain what he done, his thought process and his approach to the writing. Yen has good intuition for programming as he figured the critical case without even trying/seeing the test first. Or at least this is what I conclude from him.

Syamil was less expressive relative to the team. He had no prior experience in coding so his struggle his understandable. His first week here didn't go very well. Do not let this make you feel down though. Keep going forward and good thing will turn up!

Overall, eventhough the team manage to write a program that display those rectangles, their collaboration aspect could be improved. The flaw of separating projects for each peers to do individually decreases the learning from peers aspect. One member seems to be slow in comprehending the discussion while the other is too good. My advice is to care about your peers. After all, a chain is a strong as its weakest link.

See you guys in Core. I am confident you will make it if you keep going! All 3 of you has good potential.
