The team consists of 3, Bryan, Jiun and Fatih who had no prior extensive knowledge on programming. Bryan and Fatih came from engineering background while Jiun work in office and may have deal with Excel tasks. All 3 is currently employed.

Bryan requested and was granted a paid leave from his employer in Sabah just to allocate 1 month of time for Piscine. As someone who spent a lot of time in the campus for the past week, I do notice that Bryan is spending a lot of time in the campus studying. He is eager to learn. Bryan is the most articulate and expressive of the team. He asked me a lot of questions and seems to demonstrate a better understanding for C relative to his teammates, given that exposure to C for 1 week only. He is really looking forward to join the core program and he asked how was it like to be in the core. The fact that he commuted here from Sabah and took a paid leave from his job to stay here for a month just for Piscine speaks about his determination.

Jiun and Fatih are less expressive. Sometimes when I asked questions, Bryan would ask any of them to answer my question to give them the chance to talk. Jiun try to ask/point out some technical question for me but he couldn't express his thought clearly but he seems to demonstrate a certain level of mathematical understanding when he uses a mathematical concept to express his question.

The team leader is Jiun. And from that, they know which Rush they have to do based on the first letter of their team leader username. Their program able to run according to the desired output from the subject pdf. Critical case such as -ve, 0 and 1 was handled well. Since their program work as intended, I spent most of the time testing their understanding for what they implemented. There was one red flag. They don't know that it is possible to exclude the bracket for control statement (if, while) if the content consists of only one line to execute, yet they have implemented it multiple times in their code. I point out this explicitly to give them the benefit of the doubt hoping they won't repeat this particular attitude again because I suspect those are copy pasted lines. But I will give a pass for this one.

Some other things:
The team does not yet know, that they cannot pass a string literal to a function that takes a char argument except for Bryan who was barely able to predict the outcome when a string or character literal is passed to these functions. We had a brief discussion about variables and pointers, and how these things has 2 important property, which is their value and their own address and how to access the 2 property respectively. Bryan was engaging during these discussion. We also talked about the difference between pre decrement and post decrement and how in some situation, there would be no difference
